hey BOTS wow I said it but I actually
like quite saying that but yeah I'm
being written um I just wanted to make a
quick update video because at the moment
I'm editing and it's taking a long time
for tonight's video um but I did see a
lot I've seen a lot of comments and a
lot of questions asking about like
public servers that I recommend and
stuff like that so I just wanted to make
this video to let you know that i do
recommend the reddit servers and these
are actually my resident servers i
played on these servers a long time
before i started making YouTube videos I
do actually mod these servers when I
have the time um but currently I'm on
the creative server so yeah there's a
lot of free space good admins you don't
get griefed because we have like let's
plug ins that prevent all that stuff I'm
not a tech admin to have no idea how it
works but yeah I do definitely recommend
these servers i will put all the server
addresses on the screen right now
there's creative that's see nerd new
there's PvE which is player versus
environment so it's basically survival
with no PvP and that's p dot nerd new
and there's also survival which is pvp
and that s not new and you know on all
of those servers we do have mods there
are rules and stuff like that I have
links on my channel page to both the
subreddit and the forums so you can go
there and check them out i will also put
links to that in the description so yeah
guys I do support these servers they are
my resident servers I love these servers
a lot so if you do ever want to go and
build or survive or whatever these are
the servers that I'd definitely
recommend to you guys um but yeah I'm
gonna stop rambling I'm gonna go back to
editing the video for tonight I'm little
something different because I wanted a
break from building so I'm just editing
a little not a cinematic but something
sort of like that but yeah and also got
a new mic I don't know if you can tell
or if it sounds any different at all
because uh
I laptop makes a lot of noise in the
background anyway but um hopefully it
isn't making a lot of noise and yeah I
will see you later bye